{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Pocket jockey is a series of games about teledildonics. This version of the the game (the first one to be made made) is called Wank Murder. Game play will proceed in pretty much the same as it\'92s counterpart Wink Murder. \
\
Starting a game.\
To initiate a game one player must press the Start game button. They will then get a game number. This number will be the unique game ID for your whole group. \
To join a game you must press Join game, enter a game ID, then press Join game again. You will then be redirected to a holding screen. \
Once all players have entered the game ID and are on the holding screen, The player who initiated the game must press Begin. all players should then be redirected to the game page. The killer is chosen by the game at random.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Secretly before you begin the round you should press the reveal button. This will let you know if you are the killer or not. No cheating here by looking at other peoples phones.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Game Play\
To play Wank Murder all players must be seated ideally around a table. To play, your phone must be placed on your lap/ or between your legs in direct contact with your genitals. The screen should be facing up. Be careful as you do this as your phones screen will need to be on  in order for the game to work. All players hands should be placed on their laps too, under the table (if there is one).\
Each time the killer touches their phone screen, another players phone will start to vibrate. If you are \'91touched\'92 in this way then you have been killed. To show this you need to count to five in your head and then die of a screaming orgasm.\
The objective of the game is to try to figure out who is the killer. You can only accuse a player of being the killer if all players agree on accusing that player. After someone has been killed you can only only make one accusation until the killer strikes again.  When accused a player must hold up their phone and press the reveal button for everyone to see. If they are not the killer they are still out of the game. \
If only two players remain, the killer wins. \
Killers must only kill one player at a time (one touch at a time). Once an accusation has been made they are free to kill again.}